out here the kids just have a great time
we do rotations right now we're doing
ten rotations there's so much happening
right now we do a typical BB guns
archery fishing and the kids just really
rotate around have a great time we have
pedal cars which are for amnael so all
the kids get to run around and raise for
my roller camp is like I'm a floater
since I'm volunteering wherever someone
needs my help I would go there right now
today I'm helping out pedal cars now all
the kids can go around so we helped him
push them and encourage him to keep
going keep pedaling almost there let's
go when I started coming to camp I was
by myself my first year and just the the
staff just helped me through it being
friendly to me just making the best time
of my life and they really encouraged me
to become an Eagle Scout because I've
always wanted to be an Eagle Scout as
soon as I was too went to camp working
with William is a lot of fun when he
came to me last year he was so quiet so
shy I was really worried whether or not
he would even fit in with half the staff
so as it turns out he's probably one of
the loudest quirkiest fun kids on staff
he gets everybody going he gets all the
little kids just wanting to do whatever
he does
hi bow chicka bow chicka bow distracted
driving is one of the most dangerous
things you can do my Eagle Scout project
was a campaign to educate people all the
dangers of distracted driving it's a big
thing that's going on now that everyone
does it in the car and their bicycle no
matter where they are they're always on
their phone and it's just way of life
now but we need to stop that because
it's hurting many many families Williams
niggle Scout project has meant more than
Annie we would ever realize I used to
text and drive and I actually crashed
into another car with my son in my car
because i was texting we're lucky nobody
got hurt everybody was fine to realize
that I put my own child's life at risk
because of a texting message I never
want a family member anybody to go
through it we did when I first started
my Eagle Scout project I had three main
points I want to do my first one was to
march and I'm a model deprave we're all
of my grades Laketown come out and I
upon you to people just to support me
they're chanting don't text and drive
stay alive i also had all signs put all
all over my town grayslake at over 100
science i had the Cub Scouts and the Boy
Scouts make signs I also was lucky
enough to go to the senator Melinda Bush
down at the State Capitol and I got a
cosine a bill that was being passed long
stating that you can only use hands-free
phones while driving in the state of
Illinois
his project personally is an amazing
thing that he did to me because he was
able to show not only me but so many
other people it's just a text message is
just a phone call it's just not worth it
and that's what William I know is trying
to tell people over again and over again
just don't do it it's not worth losing a
life over we are waiting for a phone
call from BS a NASCAR driver Scott laga
see who's going to be giving William
bellman some pretty big news
I have a race in daytona next weekend
for july 4th and c are going to be
pushing very hard to help the state of
florida with their alert today alive
tomorrow program which I is very
perfectly in with what you're doing and
what I was calling for was to ask you to
be my personal guest and far might be
next week at it it's a subway
firecracker 250 oh my gosh yes could you
would you like this would you like to
hop a plane and come down here and hang
out with a couple's it but it for a
couple days and work on the race team
yes it's the biggest feeling in my life
I only the car this have ever gone was
Virginia that was pretty the Jamboree
I've always wanted to go on outside of
Illinois somewhere far and I getting war
on a plane I've never been on a plane
before I've always wanted to and it's a
dream come true
I'm just bored of the experiences you
can I have thank you I don't know how to
speak thinking Scott this opportunity my
son never ever ever gonna forget me boom
chicka Rocka chicka Rocka chicka boom I
can't believe my Eagle Scout project was
able to combine with Florida Department
of Transportation alert today alive
tomorrow it's such a big honor I can't
believe it's all coming together